                                                      Arunkumar Venkataramanan

An Objectivist😎: Future Influencer and Innovator 🤓 Entrepreneur, Founder, and CEO @DeepBrainz 🤖 AI Researcher, Machine Learning (Software) Engineer, Data Scientist, Kaggle Master, Hacker, Blockchain Developer, AR/VR Coder, Cloud Expert, Open Source Developer, Independent Software Engineer, Freelancer, ...!

He's basically a Machine Learning Software Engineer, Data Scientist, AI Researcher and also Founder & CEO at DeepBrainz currently living in Bengaluru, India. He's a Deep Reinforcement Learning Enthusiast. He who is the future Innovator & Influencer, also an Objectivist and also has a current journey as an Entrepreneur & an alumnus of Cambridge School & Anna University graduated B.Tech on 2014 in Information Technology (Computer Science and Engineering). He's also 49th Kaggle Kernels Master in the world stands Top 1% and Top 50 place. He's over 6.4k+ followers on LinkedIn as of February 2019. He's also the author of the book, "Hands-on Deep Reinforcement Learning with Python" and will be released by Packt Publishing in the month of July 2019. He has over 3 years experience in Machine Learning, and Deep Learning and related areas such as Computer Vision CV, Natural Language Processing NLP, Robotics, and General AI AGI at DeepBrainz BRAIN. He has designed, developed, tested, deployed, maintained and improved Machine Learning ML models and ML infrastructure also software that uses these models. He likes to deliver state of the art big data and machine learning solutions and solves complex technical challenges also delivered data science solutions to business problems. He also has experience on Research Work (R&D) on Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning and related areas such as Computer Vision CV, Natural Language Processing NLP, Robotics, and General AI AGI at DeepBrainz BRAIN. His Passions range from Technology to Entrepreneurship. He's also passionate about Innovation, Research and Product Development, Organisational Leadership (Tech), Business, Strategy, Scalability, and Technology Startup, Programming, Artificial Intelligence AI, Machine Learning ML, Deep Learning, Quantum Computing, Blockchain, Cloud and Distributed Computing. He hopes that he'll advance Tomorrow's State-of-the-art AI with DeepBrainz aka DeepBrainz Intelligent Systems: A Future Revolutionary Technology Startup Influencing World Industries by Cutting-edge Technologies for "Empowering Humanity Universally" through R&D, Innovation & Breakthroughs! Above all, he has the key skill called "LEARNABILITY" with Growth Mindset is helping him acquire all necessary skills of all Emerging Technologies Markets to pursue his DREAMS through Mission Vision & Core Values! He has the objective as follows, "To be an asset to the organization by working with honesty and determination and have challenges as his duty and opportunity to achieve professional and personal growth along with the organization." 
Working with the cutting-edge technologies of Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Developing RL agents using Deep Reinforcement Learning. Using Python for Data Analysis.
